---
title:  "The Practice"
date:   2022-06-01 15:00:00
categories: [Info]
tags: [info]
---

Emma has long held a vision for a children’s and family mental health practice with a difference. A place that would be warm and inviting, where children can feel safe to explore their inner world and be seen and understood for who they are, and where parents feel supported and know they are doing their best. She wanted a modern approach to therapy by creating a creative and play-full space that would embrace difference and diversity and emphasise natural abilities and strengths.

This new practice is called [The Play Studio](https://theplaystudio.com.au) and it is a trauma-informed design that provides a safe space, to play, create, and heal.

At The Melbourne Play Studio, we are a collective of experienced therapists who believe strongly in a humanistic offering of therapy meeting people where they are at, so they can unfold in ways that enable an authentic and fluid becoming of self. The therapeutic modalities we use are evidence-based but without a ‘*clinical*’ feeling. Our focus and interest is in strengthening a whole you, decided by you, by what is important to you.

We offer Adult & Child Psychotherapy, Infant Mental Health, Play Therapy, and Arts Therapy; each effective approaches in trauma healing and recovery, and restoring psychological health and emotional well-being from the youngest clients through to the more grown-up kind. Our philosophy is in taking a '***play-full***' approach in supporting clients overcome issues arising from early life and developmental trauma, PTSD/C-PTSD, attachment difficulties, perinatal and mental health issues including anxiety,depression, and eating issues.
